---
title: TELE25892 Test 1 Review
category: Self-review
tag: TELE25892
---
1. Differences between cellular and WLAN systems

 Cellular | WLAN 
 --- | ---
 transmit through radio towers, network for mobile phone | transmitt with the help of Acess point and NIC on PC, extension of a wired LAN

2. Quadruple Play? Digital convergence?
* Quadruple Play = broadband internet access + television + telephone + **wireless service**
* Digital convergence = the power of digital devices to combine voice, video and text processing capabilities

3. Function of an antenna in wireless communication systems?
* bi-directional passive amplifier
 - focus both transmitted and received signals

4. Mobile first?

5. main elements of celluar system

6. stakeholders of mobile computing?

7. difference of functions/responsibilities of standardization bodies and regulatory bodies

8. scope of work of IEEE and IETF

9. main functions of industry alliances

10. draw the traditional 3-tier hierarchical network model, descripe the main functions of each tier, IEEE 802.11 belong to?

11. three independent characteristics of RF wave

12. relation between frequency and wavelength

13. carrier, modulating and modulated signal

14. explain PSK modulation with diagram
* change of phase represents 0/1
* lack of phase change represents 1/0

15. what cause signal loss or distortion based om RF signal behaviour

16. main causes of signal loss (attenuation) in a communication circuit (electrical)

17. multipath? delay spread?

